♪
They're all gone.
Where did those Obelisk Force
rats scurry off to?
(crowd shouting angrily)
(woman)
We've had enough!
Listen up!
Today, we Commons are saying
enough is enough!
Topsiders aren't tops anymore!
We're through being
dumped on and held back.
Time to rise up and teach
every single Topsider a lesson!
Let's move out!
(man)
And bring the rebellion
to their front doors!
(crowed shouting angrily)
(man)
Another mob is converging
on Sector GD111!
There are reports of riots
breaking out in Sector FV44!
We're losing control
of the City!
Director, our
security patrols
have completed
their sweeps of the city.
They report that there are
no signs of Obelisk Force
anywhere.
Have they retreated?
Hmm.
Perhaps they gave up
now that I have
one of the prizes
they were aiming for.
(man)
Take the Topsiders down!
(crowd chanting)
Unite and fight!
(crying)
Mommy!
I want Mommy!
Don't worry.
We'll find her.
(sobbing)
(thinking)
Sure, we can shake things up
here in New Domino City,
but if kids like
this little Topsider
grow up being scared of
us Commons, nothing will change.
If this keeps up, things will
become worse than ever!
♪
♪ Hey hey,
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action
Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance
Go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards
If you'll pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(crowd clamoring)
(gasps)
(Sylvio)
Step away from Riley!
Sylvio?
Somethin' up?
Huh? What're you
doin' here, Sora?
(gasps)
Yuya!
Ohh.
You okay, pal?
I'm fine, Gong.
Moonshadow?
I am all right,
as well.
You did this, didn't you!?
Along with your cronies
from Duel Academy!
Chill out.
Answer me!
Hmm?
Riley?
You got it wrong.
Huh?
Sora's one of
the good guys.
He is?
(crowd chanting)
Unite and fight!
(Gong)
So Sergey the psycho
swiped Zuzu!?
And Celina was taken back
to the Fusion Dimension?
That's right.
Yuyaaaa!
I swore to protect them,
but I couldn't.
Back up. Why did Sergey
take off with Zuzu?
Roget. Roget used to work
with Duel Academy.
But then,
he turned against them.
He wants to rule this City,
and he's gonna use Zuzu
to make sure Duel Academy
doesn't get in the way of
that.
So he's plannin'
to use Zuzu
as some sort of
bargainin' chip?
No chance.
Huh?
I'm busting her out!
Wait for me, Sora!
I'm coming with you!
You must rest.
I'll go.
Sorry, ninja man, but you
need a timeout as well.
Ninja need no rest.
You're not
going anywhere!
I still don't
trust you, bub!
Sylvio!
Yuya already said
he's on our side.
That's good enough for Gong.
(Sylvio)
Rude.
Wait up! Agh! Uhh.
Buddy.
(man)
Mobs of Commons are heading
toward the center of the city.
Instruct all units
to initiate anti‐riot protocols
at the Duel Palace.
Tell them to open
all stadium gates
and allow any fleeing Topsiders
to enter.
But absolutely no Commons
can be allowed inside.
(woman)
Acknowledged.
And inform the Duel Palace
control center.
The Friendship Cup
will continue,
with a special guest
competitor.
♪
The duel is still on?
Such bad taste!
Who in tarnation
continues a tournament
when the whole city's
fallin' apart?
That's hogwash!
We're live!
Huh?
Howdy, friends and neighbors!
We're all set to hurtle
into more turbo duelin' action
here at the Friendship Cup!
Apparently,
there's a bit of a ruckus
outside the stadium.
Thanks to the friendly folks
who work
for Sector Security, though,
in here we can enjoy the duel
safe and cozy!
But, before we get underway,
there's a surprise that's
sure to tickle y'all pink!
How can they keep
the tournament goin'
while the city's
a disaster?
Originally, Sergey was set
to face off against Yugo,
but due to extenuatin'
circumstances,
Yugo had to pull out
of the competition.
Which means there's gonna
be a change in today's
matchup.
So who's dueling?
Don't fret, though,
'cause we replaced Yugo
with the city's number one
hero!
It's the Master of Faster
himself, Jack Atlas!
(gasps)
Huh? Jack's dueling?!
(crowd chattering)
Goodness me!
Everyone is in the City
will want to see this!
I simply adore Jack!
Folks, this duel's
gonna be humdinger!
My apologies for announcing
your participation
before I had a chance
to consult with you.
(Jack)
No sweat. I'm always
ready and willing
to get back on the track.
This won't take long.
Best of luck.
Hmm.
(beep)
Ah, welcome, Zuzu.
You're just in time to see
the next duel get underway.
I'm not interested
in watching any duel.
Don't you know what's
going on in the City?
Yes, I know
about the unrest,
but they'll calm down
soon enough.
Huh?
Once the Turbo Duel
between Sergey
and Jack Atlas
has been settled.
Why is that?
Jack Atlas is the hope
for the Commons
and the Topsiders alike.
But when Sergey defeats
Jack, their hero will fall...
and as all the inhabitants
of New Domino City
sink into complete despair,
they will be looking for a new
leader to guide them... me.
It will mark
a new beginning
for this city
and the entire
Synchro Dimension.
(gasps)
Mr. Atlas...
do you remember me?
I... I told you
I was a huge fan,
and you gave me
one of your cards.
You said it
was perfect for me.
When I saw what it was,
I thought you were being mean
'cause it looked super weak.
So when I found out Yuya
was gonna duel you,
I gave it to him.
I was hoping he'd crush you
and give the card back to you
and tell you how mean you are.
My, my, that's
quite the plan.
Yeah.
But Yuya helped
change my tune.
It turned out that
Tuning Magician was amazing.
I saw there's no such thing
as a worthless card.
Each one has a purpose.
You just have to find out
what that is.
It's the same with people.
You have your purpose.
Now it's just a question
of what you do with it.
You'll tell Yuya
the same thing
for me, right?
Yeah...
Looks like the first one out
of the tunnel is Sergey,
a dangerous duelist who's
as testy as a crocodile!
Question is,
can he sink his teeth
into New Domino's Champion
and wrestle away a victory?
It's time to find out,
so please welcome
your favorite duelist,
and mine, the one and only,
true legend...
Jack Atlas!
(jets rumbling)
(Jack) Who's the one
Master of Faster?
Who rules the duels?
That's right, it's me!
We adore you,
Jack Atlas!
That's right,
cheer your hero on.
Raise your hopes high,
so that I can crush them.
And then replace
your hero with a new one!
You are no hero!
Time will prove
you wrong, my dear.
Jack will fall today,
and soon all will rise
to be my loyal subjects.
(chuckling)
♪
(Melissa)
Whoo, hey!
This matchup caught us
all by surprise,
but now I see it's
just the pick‐me‐up
this city needs!
Hang on tight, y'all!
'Cause we're activatin'
our action field!
Crossover Acceleration!
Better get
those plugs sparkin',
'cause it's now ready,
set, and away we go!
(both)
Let's duel!
(Melissa)
Jack Atlas made it
out of the gate first,
so he'll take
the openin' turn!
It's my move!
I'll kick things
into overdrive
with my red hot
Red Resonator!
But I'm not done
heating things up!
I can also summon
this Red Warg from my hand
by trimming its
attack points in half.
To add fuel to the fire,
Level 2 Red Resonator
will tune Level 6 Red Warg!
Now from the ancient chasms
of a lost world
I awake a great
and terrible power.
I Synchro Summon!
Now rise Scarlight
Red Dragon Archfiend!
(Melissa)
Take it from me, folks!
That Dragon's got
one fiery disposition!
I'll place one card
facedown, ending my turn.
(Melissa) Jack's off
to a quick start!
Yes, and a quick finish.
My turn!
Current optimal
duel action is summoning
Earthbound Prisoner Stone
Sweeper to lay groundwork
for victory conditions.
(roaring)
For next move I will summon
Tuner Monster Earthbound
Prisoner Line Walker.
Protocol now requires me
to activate spell card
Harmonic Synchro Fusion!
I use two monsters on field
to Synchro Summon
and Fusion Summon!
(Melissa)
What a steal!
That's like conjurin' up
two different summons
for the price of one!
Initiating Synchro Summon
as primary action.
Level 3 Earthbound
Prisoner Line Walker
tunes Level 5 Earthbound
Prisoner Stone Sweeper.
I Synchro Summon!
Earthbound Servant Geo Gryphon!
(roaring)
Initiating Fusion Summon
as secondary action in protocol.
These two Earthbound Prisoners
assimilate into one!
I Fusion Summon!
Earthbound Servant Geo Kraken!
(Melissa)
A Synchro Monster
and a Fusion Monster!
Sergey's pullin' out
all the stops!
Initiating
victory protocol delta.
By banishing Earthbound
Prisoner Line Walker
from my graveyard,
Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend
is considered resummoned.
Why resummon somethin'
that's already summoned?
I'm flummoxed!
Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend's
resummoning
triggers Geo Kraken's
special ability.
Your Scarlight Red Dragon
Archfiend is destroyed,
and you take 800 points
of damage.
Well, pack my mule!
Seems the only reason Sergey
resummoned Jack Atlas's Dragon
was so that Geo Kraken
could take a crack at him!
And if Sergey attacks
with his monsters,
Jack will be up
a creek without a canoe!
What disaster
for the master of faster.
Whoa! Jack's Dragon has survived
by some sort of miracle!
(growling)
(Jack)
Actually, it was thanks
to the Action Spell Detour.
It negates
your monster's ability
and damages you
by 500 points!
(grunts)
(Melissa)
Instead of takin' damage,
Jack dealt it back!
That there's
a prime example
of turnin' the tables
on your adversary!
Good.
Give the people
of New Domino City hope.
They'll feel even more
anguished when you lose.
I place one card facedown
and end my turn.
Great battle!
What a twist!
And Jack does it again!
Huh! Findin' an Action card
was just dumb luck.
(grunting)
Yuya, you must rest.
I can't just sit around
and do nothing.
I'll rest later.
Now's the time for action.
I gotta help rescue Zuzu.
Hmm. Then I won't
try to stop you.
And Gong's gonna tag along
to back you up!
Huh?
Please don't go!
Riley!
I don't wanna
be left alone!
You don't
have to worry,
because Chojiro and Sylvio
will look after you.
Me? I'm no
babysitter!
I know you'll take
good care of Riley.
Sure.
Hold it, buster!
Why do I have
to stay back!
Because.
I know it's because
you want all the glory!
No.
It's because taking care
of Riley is important.
Yuya's right.
Oh, so you're
on his side!
Let me remind you that Riley
is related to the leader
of the Lancers Declan Akaba.
Only our best warrior can be
trusted to care for him.
You wouldn't want
to disappoint him, would you?
Aaaagh!
That's right,
I wouldn't really
be a babysitter,
but more like
a top‐level babyguard.
Yeah sure, that's
one way to look at it.
Well, in that case,
since I am the best warrior,
I'll have to say, yeah!
Thank you.
Good luck!
Yuya!
Do not fret.
We will keep you safe,
my friend.
Relax‐‐
if bad guys show up,
your life will
be completely
dependent on me!
In that case, I suppose we
can always try to run for it.
Grrr.
Here I go!
Scarlight Red Dragon
Archfiend's heating things up!
It allows me to destroy
all your monsters,
and then you take
500 points of damage
for each one
that perished by its flames!
Prepare to feel the heat!
Ruthless Inferno!
(growls)
(electronic bleeping)
Sergey couldn't activate
that Action Card
in time to protect himself.
When Geo Gryphon is destroyed,
your monster is also destroyed.
I send Red Gardna to
the graveyard to counter that.
Its special ability
protects my monster
from being destroyed by
any special abilities this turn!
(Melissa)
Sergey went for a gut punch,
but Jack dodged the blow!
(Jack)
Enough games!
Let's see how you handle
the heat when Archfiend
attacks you directly!
Molten Crimson Flare!
I activate the trap card
Earthbound Beginnings!
It cuts the damage
I take in half.
Then, I can activate
a Field Spell from my deck.
I activate Earthbound Tundra!
This field lets me pick up
an extra Action Card
when I have one in my hand.
Whoa, that means double
the action for Sergey
and double the danger
for Jack!
And by banishing
my Action Card,
you take 300 points
of damage,
and your monster
loses 300 attack points.
Sergey certainly thinks
he has the upper hand now.
But he's wrong, because
his advantage is mine, too.
Since Earthbound Tundra
is a Field Spell,
I can do the exact
same thing as Sergey,
but, of course,
I'll do it better.
(chuckling maniacally)
Initiate Turbo Thruster Mode!
It's transformation time.
(gasps)
(screaming and groaning)
(shrieking)
What's happened to Sergey!?
Aaagh!
Aaaagh!
Uhh!
Thruster power up by 242%!
I can now pick up all
Action Cards faster than Jack.
Hope you have a warranty.
I banish Action Card
to activate
Earthbound Tundra's
effect.
You take
300 points of damage
and Scarlight
Red Dragon Archfiend
loses 300 attack points!
I've faced down a number
of whackadoos in my day,
but you take the cake!
(Sergey)
Scanning lane
for more Action Cards.
All Action Cards
have been targeted,
will retrieve each one.
Excellent work, Sergey.
The Master of Faster
will soon find himself deposed.
Then Topsiders and Commons
will finally be united
in their
mutual despair!
(crowd chattering)
(Melissa)
I don't know about y'all,
but Sergey's new look
is givin' me a severe case
of the heebie‐jeebies!
He's looking
more machine than man.
I mean, I've known people
who were attached
to their vehicles,
but this is ridiculous!
What have you
done to Sergey?
I've transformed him into
the first Biocybernetic Duelist.
Biocybernetic?
(Roget)
By integrating
the latest biological
and cybernetic technologies,
I found a way to merge
duelist and vehicle,
creating the ultimate
dueling machine.
When this duel is over,
Jack Atlas will be sent
to the scrap heap.
Thrust power increasing 175%,
elimination protocol activated.
Finish off opponent
by any means!
You can try,
but you won't succeed.
If you believe
you can dethrone me,
you're just
spinning your wheels!
(Roget)
Oh, he will dethrone you Jack.
There can only be one ruler
in this city.
Before this day ends,
all of New Domino City
will be bowing before me.
There's no way that Jack's
gonna lose this duel,
and there's no way that you're
gonna take over this city.
Think again.
Jack will fall.
And chaos will follow.
The city will need
a strong leader,
one who is willing
to rule with an iron fist.
One such as me.
(chuckling)
(laughing maniacally)
♪